okay i'm doing this video quickly
because i keep on getting comments on my
my ear stretching videos on the floor
that the video of me like showing you
guys how to put my plugs in and people
are like it took you how long does
stretch to you notice fun emails and
somebody's just actually I haven't got
my glasses on so excuse me two seconds
somebody she said it's you years to get
to 20 mil ? this is difference from
stretching smart and just plain taking
too long bye I'm sorry but it's my
decision how long it takes me to stretch
to a certain you know sighs um like how
is that even how is that even relevant
you know I just don't get it like a lot
of people that persons not the only
person you said that like in Turkey
fuckin six years to get a 20 ml well
that's just fuckin ridiculous well I
tell you what should be your opinion of
a fucking arse because a it doesn't
matter how long it takes me to get to 20
mil it's my life to my body is my ears
it's my time and I will take however
long I want to and be have you ever
stopped a thing for one second that I
might have gotten to a certain size ago
hmm yeah quite like my ears at this size
I think I'm going to keep them here for
a while you know people don't
necessarily have to rush to get you the
biggest that they can i really enjoyed
being about eight males then i got about
12 and i had a lush pair of plugs and
wore them for a while then i got a 16 I
had a gorgeous pair of plugs and I was
like why time this 16 i'm happy with 16
and I wall 16 for a very very very long
time and then I was like man I'm bored
again I'll stretch my ears so this is
the video for everybody who keeps on
asking the same stupid questions and
keeps on saying stuff like you know
that's just ridiculous to take that long
to stretchy ears to 20 mil no my aim was
not distressed 20 mil in six years my
aim was to stretch my ears when and how
long and how ever long it took me you
know to get there was just part and
parcel of it I just wanted to stretch my
ears I didn't have a goal I do want to
stretch bigger than 20 I actually have
24 and 26 is sitting behind me waiting
for me when I get to those sizes but I
am currently at one email and I have
been a trying to email for very long
time so yeah if you don't like the fact
that it's taken me six years while tough
titties it that's how long it took me
and I'm telling you this because people
keep on asking questions about the
subject so I tell them about these
subjects and then they keep on asking me
more questions and fighting a finger and
criticizing the way that I've done
things and got around and doing my own
things and I just don't get it so yeah
that's how long its with me um it's
probably going to take me years to get
bigger and if you don't like it fine you
know but it's not plain you know and
it's not what what what does it say
again I can t remember I'm I get granny
with my glasses it's not plain it's not
just plain taking too long it's that's
up to me that's my decision that's up to
me that's why I wanted to you know I
wanted to experiment with different
sizes by different types of jewelry at
different sizes and if i liked it i was
going to say there for a while unless
exactly what i did and that's why it's
taking me six years to get to freakin 20
males whoopty fucking do do you know
what who fucking cares